# Meeting Notes

## April 13, 2021

Attendees: Kirk, Jess, Alex, Amanda, Joleah, Bob

* January 12th meeting minutes - motion approved
* Follow up from April 6th
  * Kim wants to step down. Kirk wants Kim to send a formal resignation
    as of this meeting date
  * Bob confirmed as a interim director
  * Kirk to stay on as president
  * Alex to stay on as vice-president
  * Joleah will likely continue to be the treasurer. She's having some
    connection issues so can't confirm at this time.
  * Follow-ups - Lindell has been in touch with Joe.  Damage was caused
    by ImOn and others. Southgate will put sod down.

### Financial Items

* Kirk suggests converting to Hills Bank from Greenstate Credit Union.
  There will be additional income from that.  Hill Bank will not charge
a fee.  Greenstate has not issued a card at this time.

* Greenstate is not recommended by Deborah
* Kirk will transfer the funds to Hills Bank and will close the
  Greenstate accounts
* Deborah sent the tax return submittal.  Kirk will get the taxes
  submitted
  * The taxes are only a single page.

### Board Policies and Procedures

* Kirk is trying to figure out if there is anything needed for financial
  matters.
* Kirk will draft a policy for what an individual can spend out of the
  budget. With notification of the treasurer. Kirk wants to have a
document ready by the next HOA meeting.
* Special Project budget stuff was talked about. Bob suggested a per
  annuum cap on expeditures for special projected. Budget allocations
would be tied to the previous annuals budget surplus.
* Kirk, is there anything Joleah needs for the minutes?
* Joe had 9 proxies, but he has 8. Kirk 8 for the lots and one for the
  Marnin's.
  * The proxy total matched, but who / what didn't match exactly because
    of the Southgate votes.
* Joleah, do you want the minutes to include a list of participants.
  Jess, maybe if we have quorum and voted we would want a record of the
participants.
* Kirk we are operating on budgets that haven't been approved.  Next
  meeting get quorum and try to establish budgets.  Have a vote if there
isn't quroum we can continue on previous budgets.
* Joleah - heard you wanted to do a policy on spending.
  * Kirk has the specific piece in the meeting minutes.
  * Something more defined would be good for the homeowners.

### Bylaws and Special Projects

* Discuss survey for bylaw compliance and special projects
  * Jess will put together an build a survey
    * Wants to know what we're going to ask together.  Need to know
      where we want to go.
  * What questions were we wanting to ask?
  * General information: name, address, email
  * What sort of special projects would you like to see in the
    neighborhood.
  * Sidewalks to the north by the mailboxes, playarea, signage for the
    neighborhood. Joleah is concerned offering up the wrong thing could
lead to other issues.  Kirk just wants to know the general direction the
HOA is thinking about.
  * Question on explaining the bylaw compliance issue
  * Survey - start tp build a shed.  There was an disagreement about
    compliance.  Then someone complained via Facebook.  The board
discussed it and tried to move forward.  Attorney can't levy fines.
Leins are not allowed for fines.
  * Try to get the survey done by the block party date.
  * Could use it as a way to guage interest in the block party?
    * Write your level of comfort? Would you attend an outdoor August 1st block
      party?
* Incentivies attendance and survey. 10 minutes survey equates to $20
  off. Kirk it could be $10 or $20.

### Block Party

* Block party - space behind the mailboxes.  Island in Keel Boat Loop
  * Jess - maybe we could get the Kona Ice Truck
  * Kirk - open to having a less formal event
  * Amanda - say we keep it on and talk about it at the July 13th
    meeting. Jess - nope, that would be too close to the time frame.
  * Kirk - we can schedule a meeting / mini meeting
  * Jess - maybe the first week in June to see what things are looking
    like.

### Easement

* Kirk - I don't think it's anything that we have any power of.
* Kirk wanted to know who would be responsible for.
* Kirk are we good with Kirk reaching out to them regarding liability.
  We cover maintenace for the mailboxes.  They cover maintenance for the
land.
* Joleah - we originally had a conversation about putting a sidewalk
  from the street to the mailboxes.  Kirk - we still could because of
the public right of way.
* Jess makes a motion to sell the land and keep the liability of the
  mailbox to us. Yardwork and stuff to the Renk's.
* Kirk thinks that we're going to be in charge of a drainage pond in
  part 5.  There will likely be a detention basin that we'll have to
take on. Joe will submit an application soon.  At which time Kirk could
forward that to the board.

### Final Items
* Amanda - let's get Kim a card as a retiring board member.
